The Joe Rogan experience.
But like don't live in the white house. Jamie, I'm going to send you some.
No politics go. Buddha hood. Cory Booker. Did Mary and Barry.
Did he smoke crack? [inaudible].
You know why? Uh, I met Mary and Barry when he was, uh,
just reelected. He was just realistic after the crash,
after the crash 94. Yeah. Um, Jamie, I just cracked.
His back then.
It wasn't 94. Maybe it was after. I don't know it was, um,
I was in the studio with disappeared for a second.
I think I texted it to you. That.
Set me up.
Sent me up. You were smoking crack though, bro? No, no, this is what happened.
We were sitting in a studio.
It was me and Jim Norton and Opie and Anthony and I forget who else was a guest,
but Marion Barry was walking right by the big glass doors at Sirius
XM. And uh, he was just walking right by. He was on some other show,
someone, go, go grab them, go grab them, get them in here.
So we opened up the door and Marion Barry was just walks right in and he sits
down. And, and then is he gone? Is he dead? Yeah, he died.
Okay.
Recipes, marionberry you? One of the most famous crack smoking.
I'm sitting there. And I know, I know I got a couple seconds with this dude.
And so all my predatory instincts kick in and I'm like,
we've got to get right to this. They're going to pull them out of here.
As soon as they know what this show's all about.
Cause we're a bunch of comedians. We're high. It's seven o'clock in the morning.
I was high as dude. I was eating pot, lollipops and. And I was like, I go, what?
What? Uh, we talked about him smoking crack. And one of the things I bring,
I brought it up rank really quick, but he said, he goes, hold on.
No one knows what's in that pipe. That's what he said. Oh,
no one does diplomat diplomatic.
That. No one knows.
Wow. I would vote for that guy because that's a hell of a politician.
It's a good move. I like what he's saying, but it's really,
I like how he's trying to do it. You know what I'm saying? Like, no that's.
Tobacco.
You know? It's like, no one knows what's in a hot dog. Right.
You know? I mean you see the button, you see the hot dog you tell,
can you given what, what percentage would you get?
Correct in terms of ingredients. Right though. Right now,
if they give you a test, I wouldn't even, oh my God. I'd be like pig,
tail pig button. What's in there.
[inaudible] All kinds of. Yeah. So that was it.
And so that crack story started with that,
but it's been no evidence that we don't know what was in it. I mean,
I was up there for some other reason, quite frankly. What'd you think was that
took one drag on.
Okay. Do you feel that they're trying to railroad you because they didn't like.
What, what year was, did he get caught smoking crack?
That's a good question. Here's the thing.
I don't think anybody did it, but here's the thing. So what,
what if he was just drinking right though?
Because he was listening to all the things he just said there.
Now I've changed my perspective since this happened,
getting older and more experienced in life,
but also realizing like, Hey, the guy,
if he did a good job as mayor who gives a, if he gets high, right?
Whose commercial life, if he gets home and shooting heroin,
he's got a butt plug up his and Oculus rift on. Right.
And he's tripping balls on ketamine. Why do I give a?
If this is this guy saving education, right? Is he,
is he providing health care? Is he making it safer for people?
Is he bringing people together? Right? Is he letting people know, Hey,
we have more in common that Bernie tried to kill me. FBI tried to kill me.
Well, he might,
they might have that's the fact that they have the hippy eyes killed a lot of
people. Who's the governor of DC.
Now the camera. That's what I want to know. Who had the camera?
Like Willie D said you got a little hope. You hope, hope, bro.
And sometimes some gals need a little money. They'll hide a camera. Oh,
you got a little hole. This is what you gotta do.
Stupid. Hit the camera. We had smoking crack, all this good cracking here.
You want to have a camera? And the thing is, I mean, like for the most part,
it's just like, he's partying. He's just like, Hey listen man.
Why is it, man? Why is it bad? Does he up as job? Here's the thing.
If he shows up Monday morning, he's cracked out and decides to nuke China.
You know what kind of bombs we got? You're like, okay, okay. Okay.
If he's a real, if he's like a.
Degenerate crack hit, but he wasn't. He was a, he was little feet.
Just functioning. But what if he just sits in the chair?
What if he sits in the chair?
What if he's got a La-Z-Boy and he puts his feet up and he just keeps pounding,
keeps pounding whiskey. You're going to be a professor. Just kids.
No way worse than that guy. What if he just he's doing what's legal,
but he's in a chair and he's just not going anywhere. Just pounded it.
How come that's okay. We'll talk about the.
Crack credit credit. Freddy crack cracked out. Freddy.
Tell me about the effects of crack. I mean, everybody,
everybody handled drugs differently, man. So you know.
We'll put that up there. Dear.
Jamie says Mary and Barry 76 has further down in the interview that he
believes the FBI was trying to get him to smoke a substance as high as 90% pure
cocaine,
crack and chemistry chemist at a Berry subsequent trial testified
that the drug used in the sting operation was in fact 93%
pure cocaine. Holy. So they might've been, they bite the cat, fished him.
Yeah. They might've been trying to get him to die. Well, I'm.
Gonna tell you this, right? My.
God, look at this. They had an EMT on the spot,
which is not only did try to kill him for real. Yeah. Not only unusual,
but rare in the history of the FBI. Barry noted.
As he offered evidence to support his claims, he FBI attempted to kill me.
Why would they have an EMT on the same on the scene? If they weren't trying.
Wow, you had to let them inhale. It says at the bottom,
the FBI officials says the purpose of the medical standby was to provide
potential medical attention to Marion.
Barry should his criminal activities require it.
There's criminal activities that they brought the Coke for.
So they made this.
With Q and non Joe. Hold on. They don't talk about this.
Don't talk about this pro they'll talk about the Tuskegee experience.
Marion Barry being set up by the FBI. They only talk about weird.
These are people trying to kids.
Wow. I didn't. I never thought.
I thought they never talked about this. So it's like, oh,
talk about Oprah and Jeffrey Epstein. Someone talked about the 4.4 billion.
The church was below tribal. They're tribal. And they don't,
they don't hang out with you.
They don't hang out with people that are interested in that or that story.
You know, we w people hang out with,
if you're hanging around with a bunch of flat earthers that believe that a
there's a basement somewhere where all the kids get. Right?
That's all you think about all day long,
but that actually happened to Mary and Barry.
You don't have time to listen to Cornell west.
You don't have time to just read it, FBI. And you saying what I'm saying?
It's like, you get you're so wrapped up in your own.
You're so wrapped up in being tribal. You don't have time.
I thought I thought Mary and Barry bought that crack off the corner that he
spokes. Cause you're talking about some 90%. I was like that.
Ain't no regular crack.
[Inaudible] ran crack. Yeah. That's a different.
Kind of crack. Ain't no crack 90% cocaine.
This is me listening to him, talking about it. It's changed my perspective.
I bet you don't also me listening to me.
Describe the video that I saw, where all these people are.
Like none of I'm smelling a little crack every now and then.
Like I remember seeing that. I remember,
I remember thinking at the time these people are crazy. They,
they reelected him and look,
they don't care about cracking it right now as a grown man who understands
media. I realized, oh no, this is probably like a broad range of opinions.
It's probably like a lot of people that go, Hey,
what do you give a if he's smoking crack.
And he does a great job with the budget. I don't know if he did. Who gives a?
I don't know if he did. I don't. I don't.
I literally know nothing about the guys don't reelect them exactly right.
They did. But I don't think he was, was he bad? As I'm.
Trying to figure out, maybe they missed him.
Maybe the new guy got in place and he was boring and maybe Marian did a good job
and smoked crack. Right. That's possible too. Like Bert Kreischer.
He's a funny comedian and he's a drunk. Okay. I was gonna say, I was like,
no. How much is, how much is there a difference? Well,
one's illegal. That's it? That's it exactly. That's the only difference.
I don't know if he did a good job. I don't know. Well, let's assume he did,
but if he didn't do a good job,
you should be mad at him for the job that he did, that he up.
Not for the fact that someone who set them up, busted him,
smoking Franklin EMT, cameras and EMT crew behind them. Hey, this.
The fire, bro. Like you need to stay on just in case he has a heart attack,
like crazy [inaudible] they gave him.
Meanwhile,
how hilarious is it that because cocaine's illegal,
93% is crazy high.
But I want to know how did they get the knack of viruses?
If you got 93% vodka.
Where's my where's my 7% is water. You
is cores light.
I want to know how they got that in a headache. They got that in a crack recipe.
93% cocaine. Cause is half street. It's mostly soda,
right? It's mostly crack. He was smoking, smoking. He was smoking.
Okay. Well he thought it's the same thing. According to the car.
He's just like, well, Coco puffs, ain't nothing, you know, it's different.
You ain't gonna put no.
It's also different in like where you're doing it, right? I mean,
if you're in Vegas and you're in a suite and you're overlooking the neon signs
and you're doing Coke, you're doing Coke.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expense.